README.md, before:

# PolicyPortal

![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/KEDuran/PolicyPortal?style=plastic)

## Project Purpose

The purpose for this project is to develop a client-facing web portal capable of housing all insurance policy and claim loss information that a policy holder may incur under their insurance policy. The intent for this portal is to serve as a one-stop shop that will empower policy holders to understand the details of their insurance policies by allowing users to have real-time data accessible at their finger tips.

## Reference Links

Here are imporant reference links for this repository:

- [Link to the PolicyPortal GitHub Repo](https://github.com/KEDuran/PolicyPortal)
- Link to the live web application (Link will be included when application is available)

## User Story

```
AS a policy holder
I WANT to have access to web portal that stores all my insurance information
SO THAT I can quickly access all my policy and claims data
```

## Application MVP

## Website Wireframes

## Installation / Technology

Commit message:

added an MVP section into the read me

README.md, after:

# PolicyPortal

![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/KEDuran/PolicyPortal?style=plastic)

## Project Purpose

The purpose for this project is to develop a client-facing web portal capable of housing all insurance policy and claim loss information that a policy holder may incur under their insurance policy. The intent for this portal is to serve as a one-stop shop that will empower policy holders to understand the details of their insurance policies by allowing users to have real-time data accessible at their finger tips.

## Reference Links

Here are imporant reference links for this repository:

- [Link to the PolicyPortal GitHub Repo](https://github.com/KEDuran/PolicyPortal)
- Link to the live web application (Link will be included when application is available)

## User Story

```
AS a policy holder
I WANT to have access to web portal that stores all my insurance information
SO THAT I can quickly access all my policy and claims data
```

## Application MVP

- The user can **register** and **login** to the platform using **authentication software**.
- The user can see their **custom profile**.
- The user's policy portal must provide **applicable policy and claims information**.
- The user's policy portal **had a FAQ section**.
- The user can **submit a new claim**.
- The user can **submit email messages from the portal** regarding their policy and/or claim.
- The user can **logout** .

## Website Wireframes

## Installation / Technology
